Docs - separate Logic App authentication (#54)
invictus-integration/testing-framework: docs/logic-apps/logicapp-authentication.md

> [home](../README.md)

Reviewer: Nit - Let's rename this file to `docs/logic-apps/authentication.md`

Author: Yes, of course.

# Authenticating to Azure Logic App resource

> When using the Logic App testing features, you require a valid authentication setup.

Reviewer: Let's put some structure in it instead of move as-is:
```suggestion
Before you can start using the Azure Logic App testing features, you need to authenticate with Microsoft Azure.

As of today, we provide the following authentication scenarios:

- [**Using Service Principal**](#using-a-service-principal)
```

> Following shows what is required in both cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Using a Service Principal

Before we can authenticate, you'll need to [create an Azure AD application](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal) which will be used as your service principle.

The service principal will need to have at least [`Logic App Contributor`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles#logic-app-contributor) permissions on all your Azure Logic App instances that you want to test.

When using a service principal, you need to provide the following information:
- **Tenant Id** - Identifier of the Azure AD directory
- **Subscription Id** - Identifier of the Azure subscription that contains your Azure Logic App
- **Client Id** - Identifier of the service principal in Azure AD. In this case, it is the application id of the Azure AD app.
- **Client Id** - Secret of the service principal in Azure AD to authenticate with.

```
